Some of the crimes that people commit when they're in the military almost
always deal with drinking. So for instance, let's say there's a
robbery, chances are there's alcohol involved. If there's a crash, there's
probably alcohol involved. If there is a fight, chances are there
is alcohol involved. So I say that the common crime is drinking
alcohol, but that's not a crime in itself. The other things are kind
of collateral damage, so yeah if you're on a ship for a year, then
you will see that somebody has robbed, one person on the ship has robbed
somebody out there in the world, you will hear about four fights,
five fights that got people demoted, and you will hear about three
drunk driving's. Maybe there was no crash but they just got caught
for it. So those are the common crimes that I see committed.